Oh
neutralizing fighting stance of
MacDonnell's and pushing a nice and
heavy
now how's he he pushes into my body a
stretch the it's down
Tommy at hearts are spent and creates
above I let that energy into above that
lanes go down also Lots my legs my
fearless inner gravity and then i
intercepted center gravity would damage
in prison now he just continues to push
harder and I intercept warn or more that
neutralized the energy I scratch this
one when I want to finish the
exercise I can either break in structure
by increasing the amount of intercepting
energy or just simply a pencil until
your partner's freedom
if your partner's putting what a dead
weight on you as you do this which is
actually the best so you put the energy
in you lift your front wheel off the
ground let me go get the pepper and now
there's dead weight on my body build
deeper stance really really strong now
lifted off the ground now here I can
just tilt his balance off to left or
turn it off to the right I've got the
bulk of his dead weight on me as an
learners and neutralized is my stick to
a sentence as he comes in if I don't do
any intercept I take a cold hallway at
the moment I would have intercept in
catch this mind and it neutralizes his
mind attention and the the feeder was
get pumped foot off the ground with nice
solid dead weight into the way receiver
stretch the spine and press the legs at
the spine being on a big load that the
arms become a big bone all the joints
that the shoulder off of that connection
become a large boat Sam was the hip done
team connection stretch all that open
and big leg still basic impress all the
energy you want to bring into your body
transformer so the more force your
partner can put on in bed it's like he
has to take the really pushing car
and in order to get that card and move
he's got really big and right and we
pushing a car you really don't have to
have your front foot on on the ground it
told me that likes all my driving force
so I want his force to drive into me and
then I want to sink that stretch s by
and get a neutralization to the
stretching in my body all about two
things stretching and where's your
where's always decided feeling of the
life force field you're always in the
life force field and just stretch it
stretch make that traction your boy last
assess your shock absorber George calls
transform force and fire force out and
dealing with is really really strong
wrestling type regulated forces will
give you proper neutralizing energy
champagne cover